Deterministic random generator powered by MurmurHash3

# Usage

```javascript
const murmurRandom = require('murmur-random')

const r = murmurRandom('whatever seed you prefer')

console.log(r.value('static string key', 3, 12)) // behaves like Math.random(), but it's repeatable
console.log(r.value('followed by numbers', 42))
console.log(r.value('as many as you prefer', 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21))
console.log(r.value('yes, zero is an option'))

const sub = r.subgen('same key and numbers thing', 420, 69)

console.log(sub.value('static string key', 3, 12)) // now it's a different one because the generator is different

// advanced stuff

console.log(r.util.int(r.value('foo', 2), 5, 7)) // int between 5 and 7
console.log(r.util.from(r.value('bar'), ['you', 'can', 'pick', 'random', 'stuff', 'from', 'arrays']))

const seed = r.seed // array of numbers, this is the actual seed the generator uses

const cloned = murmurRandom.raw(seed) // you can save and restore generators with this technique
```

The random generator of murmurRandom can be constructed with the exported function in two ways:

 - `murmurRandom(string)`: uses a string seed, and derives the numeric seed from it
 - `murmurRandom.raw(number[])`: uses the numeric seed directly

Both functions return the same kind of random generator, which has the following properties:

 - `r.value(key, ...params)`: returns a value computed from a string key and an arbitrary amount of numbers
 - `r.subgen(key, ...params)`: returns another random generator, computing its seed from the same kind of inputs
 - `r.util`: various utility functions, [see below](#utils)
 - `r.seed`: the numeric seed array (read-only, write is unsupported but technically possible)

The string key is meant to be a static identifier of the value you expect from the generator. **Do not use dynamic "key" arguments, they can lead to a memory leak** (because keys are cached indefinitely). String literals or constants are recommended. Any dynamic change you need can be included in the numeric arguments following the key.

> Why? It's because murmur-random is optimized for speed. Previously, a very similar deterministic random generator was used in the [artgen project](https://github.com/b3nsn0w/artgen2), which showed that long strings like encoded JSON aren't sufficiently performant with a hash like murmur3

# Utils

The random generator has a `util` object, which is meant to help expand a single random value from 0 to 1 into something more usable. It is meant for murmurRandom, but it can also be combined with any other random generator (and imported as `murmur-random/util` if the rest of the library is not needed).

The provided utility functions are the following:

 - `r.util.float(value, min, max)`: returns a float between the specified bounds
 - `r.util.int(value, min, max)`: returns an int between the specified bounds
 - `r.util.from(value, array)`: returns a random element from an array
 - `r.util.repeat(value, func, min, max)`: executes the second argument a random amount of times, between min and max. An index is passed as an argument.
 - `r.util.chance(value, probability)`: returns a boolean that's `true` with the given probability
 - `r.util.point(value, min, max, ymin, ymax)`: returns a point in the `{x, y}` format between the specified bounds
 - `r.util.pick(value, array, amount)`: picks `amount` random elements from the array

In all of the utility functions, the first `value` parameter is a value between 0 and 1, generated by `r.value()` (or any other generator you prefer).

If a util specifies a `min, max` pair, you can provide just one value, which will set the bounds between 0 and that. Furthermore, if `ymin` is not passed, `r.util.point()` uses the same bounds for `y` as it did on `x`.

# Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. As always, be respectful towards each other ~~and maybe run or create tests, as appropriate. It's on `npm test`, as usual.~~ (that's a todo)

Special thanks to Gary Court, [whose MurmurHash3 implementation](https://github.com/garycourt/murmurhash-js) powers the project.

murmur-random is available under the MIT license.
